THE WATCHER: In a campaign
of fire and blood,
King Odin sought to unite the Nine Realms
under the Throne of Asgard.
His chief weapon in the conquest
that built his empire, his executioner,
and first-born daughter, Hela,
the Goddess of Death.
One by one, the branches of
the World's Tree fell under their control.
But Hela hungered for more.
Do you not see?
The entire cosmos is out there
waiting to be ruled.
And yet you wish to stop at nine realms.
There comes a point in time, my dear,
when a warrior must lay down his sword
and give up the fight.
And if I refuse?
Then you will be made to!
THE WATCHER: Unable to quench
his daughter's thirst for blood,
the Allfather opted to contain it,
-and imprisoned her in Hell.
-(SCREAMS)
THE WATCHER: But, in this universe,
Hela's insolence inspired another idea.
(LAUGHING) Forgive me.
It's just rich, is all.
You wanting me to "give up the fight,"
when that's all you ever raised me to do.
You see, Father,
without a fight, I'm no one.
-No!
-ODIN: Oh, my child.
No god should have dominion over death
who has so little appreciation for life!
(EXPLOSION)
(CLANGING)
Wha...
I now take from you your power!
(GASPS)
Father, you cannot do this to me.
You will not!
ODIN: In the name of my father,
and his father before...
(ELECTRICAL BUZZING)
No, no.
...I cast you out!
No! (SCREAMS) No!
Whosoever wears this crown,
should she know mercy,
shall possess the power of Hela.
(GRUNTS)
(SOFT RUMBLE)
(WHOOSHING)
(PEOPLE TALKING INDISTINCTLY)
(LOUD THUD)
(RAIN PATTERING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(SPEAKING MANDARIN)
(HORSE NEIGHS)
THE WATCHER: (IN ENGLISH)
Like the Ten Rings that fueled his power,
Xu Wenwu knew all too well
the most powerful forces on Earth
often come from beyond.
THE WATCHER: Time.
Space.
Reality.
It's more than a linear path.
It's a prism of endless possibility,
where a single choice
can branch out into infinite realities,
creating alternate worlds
from the ones you know.
I am the Watcher.
I am your guide
through these vast new realities.
Follow me and ponder the question...
"What if?"
(RAIN PATTERING)
Rain.
The miracle of nature
that brings the sky down to Earth.
But Wenwu was about to discover someone
far more intriguing
had fallen from the heavens.
(SOLDIERS CONVERSING IN MANDARIN)
(SOLDIERS GRUNT)
(IN ENGLISH) Ugh. Midgard. Wonderful.
(SPEAKING MANDARIN)
(IN ENGLISH) I'm afraid the only one
who gives orders around these parts
is me.
Ah...
I do appreciate a man who's brave enough
to attempt jewelry.
Most people do well to fear me.
Same. But you see, darling,
I'm not most people.
I'm the Goddess of Death. (CHUCKLES)
Hmm. That usually gets a bigger reaction.
Wha-- (GROANS)
Take her.
-Oh, dear. Here we go.
-(SOLDIERS SHOUTING)
(GRUNTS)
(GASPS) What? Oh, no.
(GASPS) Mortal blood?
Ugh, revolting.
(YELLING)
No, no, no, please.
Please, I implore you, show mercy on me.
I'm just a helpless woman.
Huh? (GRUNTS)
(HELA GRUNTS)
WENWU: Hmm.
(GRUNTING)
What is this? (STRAINING)
That power, it is not of this realm.
-Nor are you.
-(GROANS)
(GROANS) If I only had my crown,
it would be you who would kneel before me.
Then show me.
What?
HELA: Yeah, I must say,
escorting me to
the instrument of your own demise,
I can't decide (CHUCKLING)
if you're brave or stupid.
Don your crown and we shall find out.
Yeah, both. You look like both.
(LAUGHS)
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY, GRUNTS)
-Come on.
-Hmm.
(GRUNTS)
Right. It's... (GRUNTING) It's really...
Yes. Well, it's, uh...
It's really lodged in there, isn't it?
(LAUGHS)
How does gravity work here on Midgar--
(SIGHS) You know what? Doesn't matter.
(GRUNTING)
Father, please don't do this to me.
(GRUNTS)
(SCREAMING)
(THUNDERCLAP)
(SIGHS)
WENWU: Mmm.
(CAPTAIN SPEAKING MANDARIN)
(GASPS)
(IN ENGLISH) What is this?
An invitation. I would be honored
if you would join me for dinner.
Eh, I guess I've been subjected
to worse forms of torture.
-Well, color's not bad.
-(GASPS)
Least your blood won't stain it
when I slit your throat.
Oh.
For some, red is actually
the color of good fortune.
Brides even wear it on their wedding day.
(SPLUTTERS) Wedding day?
I didn't realize you meant to make
my imprisonment a life sentence.
(CHUCKLING) I am not proposing marriage,
but an alliance.
I see in you a fighter, Hela.
Just like me.
My father once saw the same. That fight.
He nurtured it, exploited it,
and then as soon as
my ambition outgrew his own,
he called me a monster.
And in time, you will as well.
No.
Because I am not your father.
HELA: Hmm.
-(MEN GRUNTING)
-WENWU: The Ten Rings were a gift
bestowed upon me.
A gift I give back to the world in return.
By taking command of its people?
By protecting them.
Our world is plagued by dangerous forces.
Is that what you take me for?
Just another dangerous force?
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
(HELA GASPS SOFTLY)
Your father may have feared
the fight in you, but I do not.
HELA: Mmm.
Fight with me, Hela,
and together, we can protect the world.
Oh, you are a confident one,
I'll give you that.
I like to think I just know what I want.
And what is it that you want?
WENWU: Hmm.
(WENWU GRUNTING)
You know, you're handsome
when you're unconscious.
-(SOLDIERS SHOUTING)
-(HELA STRAINING)
Huh.
Sweet dreams.
(GROANS) I want her alive. (CHUCKLES)
(GRUNTING)
(YELPS)
-(SIGHS)
-(MORRIS FLYING)
Oh, great. What now?
(GASPS)
(CHITTERS)
Hmm. You're curious.
What? You know a way to get out of here?
-(CHITTERS)
-Oh, I'm sorry. Is that your...
Sorry. I was under the impression
I was talking to your face.
(WHINNYING)
We'll follow the stars
to the Norse country.
Their people still honor
the Throne of Asgard.
-(CHITTERS)
-It's a years-long journey, to be sure.
But unless you know
of a legion of warriors
ready to take up arms in my name...
-(CHITTERING)
-Uh... Huh.
I guess you're not the first arse
I've ever followed into battle.
Ah.
You assured me that which I seek
was beyond this valley,
and yet here we are, a dead end.
-(CHITTERING)
-Into the wood?
There won't be
a civilization in there for miles.
-(RUMBLING)
-Hmm.
Enchanted.
Okay, I'll admit I'm intrigued,
but if this joyride of yours
doesn't bear fruit,
it will be your arse.
Or your face, whichever it is.
Maybe both.
-(SOFT RUMBLING)
-(CHITTERS)
"Run"? What do you mean, "run"?
From what? (GASPS)
-(GASPS)
-(RUSTLING)
I have not survived a thousand years
of war to die at the hands of foliage.
-(GRUNTS)
-(CHITTERING)
-Forward? There's no path forward.
-Oh, sorry. You want me to trust you
after you've led me
into the enchanted murder forest?
(GRUNTS)
(HELA GROANS)
Ah.
That energy.
What do we have here?
WOMAN: (WHISPERS) Hela...
-Did you hear that?
-(CHITTERING)
(WIND RUSTLING)
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS) Show yourself!
I command you.
Hmm.
Hela.
She has fallen from my view.
(CREATURES SQUAWKING)
What in the world?
(GASPS)
I am Jiayi.
I speak for the Elder Council of Ta Lo.
-I am Hela...
-We know who you are.
Your compatriot filled us in.
Hmm.
(CHITTERING)
I was not aware that such magic
still existed on Midgard.
(CHUCKLES) Our realm is a border
protecting the people of Earth
from threats of the Underworld.
Threats like you.
Mmm, I assure you, I mean no harm.
My quarrel's with a man named Wenwu.
Well, technically, it's with my father.
So, I guess you could say
it was both of them.
Also, my dad has this new girlfriend.
Frigga. She's a dreadful woman.
Not really a fan of hers either.
So, yeah, it's just those three.
So, don't suppose I could interest you all
in taking up arms in my name?
That sounds like a pass.
Yes, totally get it.
But these threats of the Underworld
you speak of,
you wouldn't happen to know
of any of them looking for work?
(SIGHS) One cannot fend off darkness
with more darkness, only light.
Yes, that's a lovely sentiment,
to be sure.
It's just a bit esoteric, is all.
But if you were to teach me
your practice...
And why would we agree to do that?
Because you are sworn to protect
this realm from the Underworld,
and I am the Goddess of Death.
And what better way to secure your mission
than by recruiting me to your cause?
You know, the whole
"fending off darkness with light" thing.
(CHUCKLES) Look to the sun.
When it reaches its zenith,
your training begins.
Jiayi, you cannot be serious.
Fear not. We have methods
to ensure she won't betray us.
-(LOW GROWL)
-(GASPS)
Oh.
Message received.
My lord, forgive me.
Wherever Hela is gone,
I can no longer see her.
You think her dead
at the hands of these mortals?
(SIGHS)
There is one who is
in possession of a great power.
Ten rings that could even destroy a god.
Mmm. If such power
indeed exists on Midgard,
there's no telling what its people
could be capable of.
And our age of peace might be short-lived.
(WIND BLOWING)
Oh, I should very much like
to learn to do that.
Maybe not with the flowers, though.
Knives would be much more serviceable.
Or fire, even. Or perhaps,
and just hear me out now,
-knives ablaze in fire.
-(CHUCKLES)
Mmm, there's really not a lot of room
for me to move up here.
Because you will be sitting
and practicing the art of breath.
And we can expect
to get to the fighting when?
You already know how to fight.
But our practice requires
a cultivation of your inner world.
A unity of technique and spirit.
Oh, good. What fun.
Now, what about those fire knives?
Just breathe, Hela. Just breathe.
(GROANS, SIGHS)
Everything you need,
you have at your fingertips.
What I have is a piece of paper.
Zhe Zhi is the art
of making something out of nothing.
Of finding infinite possibility
in the blankest of canvasses.
Focus. Unity. Peace.
Only through them will you discover
what it is you truly seek.
I'm sorry. Did you mean to make me
a master of martial arts or dry cleaning?
-(GASPS)
-Why do you seek to master our practice?
(GASPS, GRUNTS SOFTLY)
I told you. To overthrow Wenwu.
For what?
So I can take his Ten Rings for myself
and use them to seek vengeance
on my father!
For what?
This is... (GRUNTS)
So I can assume the Throne of Asgard
and continue my conquest of the universe!
-(GRUNTS)
-And when all the realms across the cosmos
have finally been conquered?
(GRUNTS)
Please.
(PANTS) Stop!
That's enough!
(GIGGLING)
-(METAL CLANGING)
-No.
-(DOG WHIMPERING)
-(GASPS) Father. Why did you chain him?
He means you no harm.
Mmm. Not yet. But in time.
He is born with the heart of a fighter.
Just like his mistress.
-A king must tame his threats...
-(GASPS)
...to ensure that they fight for him.
JIAYI: What is it you hope to find
at the end of your next great conquest?
(GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
Freedom. Freedom from control.
The freedom to choose my own path.
Now you're ready to begin.
(GRUNTING)
JIAYI: As you can see now,
everything in life
pertains to our practice.
-And our practice pertains to everything.
-(HELA GRUNTING)
The folds in a piece of paper...
Mmm.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
JIAYI: The breath in your lungs...
(GRUNTING)
When your mind is at peace,
you can see the lessons.
(CHUCKLES)
Not bad. You still have a lot to learn.
(GRUNTS)
And when you dare to live the lessons,
then you become a master.
(THUDS)
(SOFT RUMBLE)
HELA: Father?
Oh, no.
JIAYI: Leaving so soon?
Your training is far from complete.
Odin terrorizes the countryside
in my name.
He seeks the Ten Rings.
He must be stopped.
The Ta Lo are guardians, not fighters.
I guess that's the difference
between you and me.
Without a fight, I'm no one.
If you choose this path,
you will walk it alone.
No, my father chose a path for me
long ago.
And if I ever wish to be free
to choose my own, then I must face him.
With or without you.
-(EXPLOSIONS)
-(SOLDIERS SCREAMING)
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
(SOLDIERS SCREAMING)
ODIN: Hmm.
(GRUNTS) Fall back. Fall back!
Behind the gates! Move! (GRUNTS) Move!
(GRUNTING)
HELA: Hmm.
Hela? (GRUNTS)
-Impressive armor.
-(GRUNTS)
It's made from dragon scales.
Imbued with the strength to combat
threats of untold mystical power.
Personally, (GRUNTS)
-I miss the dress, though.
-Hmm.
(SOLDIERS YELLING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
ODIN: My dear girl.
When you disappeared from Heimdall's view,
we thought the worst.
(SCOFFS) Oh.
Embrace me, daughter.
I have come far to avenge your name.
HELA: Oh, have you?
Or have you come for the fancy bracelets?
The Ten Rings do not belong
in these primitive hands.
Return to my side, Hela,
and we shall bring Midgard
under our protection.
HELA: Mmm, no.
ODIN: No?
You dare defy me?
Leave this place and never return.
I am your father and your king.
You will obey.
You had your throne,
so you threw away your sword,
forgetting that she was your own daughter.
I will no longer be party
to your conquest.
Perhaps you have forgotten.
I stripped you of your crown.
Without it, you are nothing.
But I'm not alone.
We need to separate him from Gungnir.
Who's Gungnir?
-(ODIN GRUNTS)
-HELA: That is.
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS AND GASPS)
(STRAINING)
-(HELA GRUNTS)
-ODIN: Hmm?
-(GRUNTS)
-(GROANS)
(GRUNTING)
What is this?
A wise woman once taught me that darkness
cannot fend off darkness. Only light can.
And we are here to prove her right.
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
I knew I should have locked you away
when I had the chance!
Shame. Always go with your first instinct.
You taught me that.
(GRUNTS)
(GROWLS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
-(GRUNTS)
-(HELA SCREAMS)
(GROANS)
(GROWLS, GRUNTS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
-Hmm? (GROWLS)
-(HELA CHUCKLES)
(GRUNTS) Fire knives.
(GROANS)
(GROWLING)
(GROANS, GROWLS)
(GROANS)
-(YELLS)
-(GASPS)
(GROWLS) Huh?
(YELLS)
(GROANS, PANTS)
Please, Father, let us end this violence
once and for all.
(RATTLING)
(ODIN GROANS)
-(GRUNTS)
-(GASPS)
(ODIN YELLS)
Since when does my daughter
pass on a chance to end a life?
(COUGHS) It's like you said.
No god should have dominion over death
who has so little appreciation for life.
(STRAINING)
(ODIN SCREAMS)
(ODIN GASPS)
(GASPS)
(YELLS)
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS, GASPS)
I sent you here to learn, to grow.
And in the end,
you eclipsed even my wildest expectations.
You eclipsed me.
The throne is yours,
if that is indeed what you seek.
You have earned it.
Only from there can I unmake your empire.
It will take time. Eons, even.
But when I'm finished,
the Nine Realms will know freedom,
and the cosmos soon thereafter.
Whatever has happened to you, my child,
my once-great executioner?
I gave peace a chance.
WENWU: Hmm.
THE WATCHER: There,
on an ancient battlefield,
a man and a woman,
a mortal and a goddess,
the Ten Rings and the armies of Asgard
forged an alliance and built an empire.
An empire that would span the cosmos.
An empire not of conquerors,
but of liberators.
Liberators whose campaign
across the universe
would forever prove
even the darkest of hearts
can come to know peace.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)